[System]
platform: Linux-3.2.13-1-ARCH-x86_64-Intel-R-_Core-TM-_i7-3960X_CPU_@_3.30GHz-with-glibc2.2.5
version: jckarter/clay@a778a20e9c1c6ae521ed76f6eac5e0a8c63f27c3 (2012-03-30 12:59:33 -0700)
repository: https://github.com/jckarter/clay

[SystemUname]
system: Linux
machine: x86_64
version: #1 SMP PREEMPT Sat Mar 24 09:10:39 CET 2012
release: 3.2.13-1-ARCH
processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3960X CPU @ 3.30GHz

[TargetPlatform]
platform: linux
cpu: x86
bits: 64

[Tests]
characters/1: ok
math/native: ok
math/complex: ok
math/libm: ok
math/sqrt: ok
eval/statements: ok
eval/expr: ok
uniquepointers: ok
uniquepointers/uniquevalues: ok
exceptions/onerror: ok
exceptions/1: ok
exceptions/custom: ok
exceptions/vectors: ok
exceptions/lambdas: ok
exceptions/2: ok
exceptions/3: ok
exceptions/arrays: ok
exceptions/catch: ok
exceptions/finally: ok
exceptions/finally/goto: ok
interfaces: ok
interfaces/outputmismatch/1: ok
interfaces/outputmismatch/2: ok
uncategorized/15: ok
uncategorized/17: ok
uncategorized/14: ok
uncategorized/1: ok
uncategorized/5: ok
uncategorized/memory: ok
uncategorized/6: ok
uncategorized/ifexpr: ok
uncategorized/staticfor_forwarded: ok
uncategorized/45: ok
uncategorized/9: ok
uncategorized/40: ok
uncategorized/12: ok
uncategorized/22: ok
uncategorized/namedunions: ok
uncategorized/16: ok
uncategorized/throwingbranches: ok
uncategorized/41: ok
uncategorized/39: ok
uncategorized/10: ok
uncategorized/46: ok
uncategorized/8: ok
uncategorized/switch: ok
uncategorized/switch/strings: ok
uncategorized/switch/multivalue: ok
uncategorized/19: ok
uncategorized/24: ok
uncategorized/11: ok
uncategorized/20: ok
uncategorized/4: ok
uncategorized/2: ok
uncategorized/21: ok
uncategorized/3: ok
uncategorized/34: ok
uncategorized/33: ok
uncategorized/7: ok
uncategorized/44: ok
uncategorized/42: ok
uncategorized/18: ok
uncategorized/13: ok
floats: ok
floats/parts: ok
floats/literals: ok
floats/literals/long: ok
values/1: ok
libc/setjmplongjmp: ok
variants/1: ok
variants/5: ok
variants/nested: ok
variants/initialization: ok
variants/match: ok
variants/recursive/1: ok
variants/recursive/2: ok
variants/equality: ok
variants/maybe: ok
variants/predicates: ok
variants/subgraphassignment: ok
variants/empty: ok
variants/variantref: ok
variants/4: ok
variants/2: ok
variants/3: ok
variants/dispatch/callbyname: ok
llvm/1: ok
llvm/intrinsics/sse/1: ok
llvm/4: ok
llvm/2: ok
llvm/3: ok
memory/allocateArray: ok
memory/copy: ok
memory/zeroObject: ok
patterns: ok
bindings/ref/1: ok
records/initialization: ok
records/predicates: ok
sequences/arrayassignment: ok
sequences/1: ok
sequences/5: ok
sequences/6: ok
sequences/multivalued: ok
sequences/ranges: ok
sequences/group: ok
sequences/buffervector: ok
sequences/staticsized: ok
sequences/strict: ok
sequences/predicates: ok
sequences/4: ok
sequences/arrayinitialization: ok
sequences/2: ok
sequences/3: ok
sequences/7: ok
sequences/force: ok
sequences/concatenation: ok
any: ok
globalalias/1: ok
globalalias/predicates/1: ok
globalalias/predicates/2: ok
modules/imports/ambiguous2: ok
modules/imports/ambiguous4: ok
modules/imports/collision2: ok
modules/imports/ambiguous5: ok
modules/imports/ambiguous3: ok
modules/imports/collision1: ok
modules/imports/disambiguated3: ok
modules/imports/ambiguous1: ok
modules/imports/disambiguated1: ok
modules/imports/disambiguated2: ok
modules/imports/suggest: ok
modules/name: ok
modules/attributes/literaltypes: ok
queues: ok
strings: ok
strings/encodings/utf8: ok
strings/triplequoting: ok
stringliterals: ok
stringliterals/strl: ok
externals: ok
externals/ccast: ok
externals/makeexternalcodepointer: ok
externals/recursiveccodepointer: ok
externals/recursivecodepointer: ok
externals/abi/x86_sse: ok
externals/abi/common: ok
externals/abi/complex: ok
externals/abi/x86_float80: ok
privateimports: ok
byteorder: ok
sha2: ok
printing/1: ok
printing/repr: ok
printing/nan: ok
printing/int128: ok
printing/2: ok
printing/observe: ok
printing/formatting: ok
atomic/primitives: ok
comparators: ok
paged/36: ok
paged/37: ok
paged/35: ok
paged/38: ok
deques: disabled
deques/memory: ok
keywordarguments: ok
destructors: ok
flags: ok
unions: ok
test/1: ok
algorithms: ok
algorithms/permutations: ok
algorithms/sorting: ok
algorithms/strings: ok
algorithms/count: ok
platform: ok
codepointers/1: ok
codepointers/30: ok
codepointers/32: ok
codepointers/2: ok
codepointers/3: ok
codepointers/31: ok
operators/custom: ok
operators/bitwise: ok
operators/proxyassignment: ok
operators/extendedassignment2: ok
operators/pod: ok
operators/pod/initializers: ok
operators/comparison: ok
operators/precedence: ok
operators/extendedassignment: ok
operators/extendedassignment/butnottooextended1: ok
operators/extendedassignment/butnottooextended2: ok
permissive: ok
evaluator/1: ok
globalvariables/ctorsdtors: ok
globalvariables/predicates/1: ok
globalvariables/predicates/2: ok
random: ok
lambdas/mono: ok
lambdas/callsugar: ok
lambdas/argsyntax: ok
lambdas/calloutputtypes: ok
lambdas/monoinputtypes: ok
lambdas/alias/1: disabled
lambdas/alias/2: disabled
lambdas/alias/3: disabled
lambdas/dynamic: ok
lambdas/dynamic/makelambda: ok
lambdas/vararg: ok
lambdas/basic: ok
lambdas/stateless: ok
lambdas/papply: ok
lambdas/calldefined: ok
remote/marshaling: ok
remote/messages/simple: ok
statementexpressions/if/1: ok
statementexpressions/if/2: ok
statementexpressions/switch/1: ok
statementexpressions/while/1: ok
statementexpressions/while/2: ok
hash/variants: ok
hash/scalars: ok
simd: ok
simd/invalidtypes: ok
pointers/indexing/1: ok
referencetypes: ok
dispatch: ok
arrays/indexing/1: ok
fileio/29: ok
fileio/28: ok
fileio/27: ok
enums/predicates: ok
getoverload: ok
time: ok
commandline/1: ok
commandline/options: ok
commandline/dispatch: ok
tuples/staticindexing: ok
tuples/emptytuple: ok
tuples/1: ok
tuples/single/1: ok
tuples/single/2: disabled
tuples/types: ok
staticname: ok
twohash: ok
returntypes/spec: ok
returntypes/analyzer: ok
types/valueSize: ok
monads: ok
hashmaps: ok
hashmaps/rvalueiteration: ok
hashmaps/valueinitialization: ok
numbers/overflow: ok
numbers/conversion: ok
numbers/quotient: ok
numbers/literals/toolarge: ok
numbers/literals/toolarge2: ok
numbers/parser/1: ok
numbers/parser/4: ok
numbers/parser/2: ok
numbers/parser/float80: ok
numbers/parser/3: ok
numbers/octal: ok
parsing: ok
parsing/calculator: ok
callbyname/arg: ok
callbyname/fileLineColumn: ok
multivalues/binding: ok
multivalues/assignmismatch/1: ok
multivalues/assignmismatch/5: ok
multivalues/assignmismatch/4: ok
multivalues/assignmismatch/2: ok
multivalues/assignmismatch/3: ok
multivalues/bindingmismatch/1: ok
multivalues/bindingmismatch/5: ok
multivalues/bindingmismatch/4: ok
multivalues/bindingmismatch/2: ok
multivalues/bindingmismatch/3: ok
defaultarguments: ok
io/paths: ok
io/sockets/connections: ok
io/sockets/reading: ok
io/sockets/addresses: ok
io/sockets/valuesemantics: ok
shootout/mean: ok
shootout/quicksort2: ok
shootout/insertionsort1: ok
shootout/insertionsort2: ok
shootout/quicksort1: ok
computedrecords/1: ok
computedrecords/customproperty: ok
computedrecords/custompredicate: ok
computedrecords/2: ok
overloads/withinterface: ok
overloads/patterncallable: ok
valuesemantics: ok
coordinates: ok

[Summary]
Passed: 294
Disabled: 5

# Test log written to testlog.txt

time-taken-seconds: 161.687603
